[Music]
okay so it's the summer of 2019 and I
thought I would do a video that talked
about the tech I'm using right now as
well as like the reasons why I'm using
some of it talk about maybe how I set up
some of it but the reason why I started
to do this video was I've made a
relatively big change in the I guess
ecosystem that I'm in so you can tell by
the title I have switched off of Apple's
iPhones I've been someone who's used
Apple's iPhones for for a really long
time as my primary phone and this is the
first time I can confidently say that I
am pretty much Apple free in my life so
this phone I switched over to is the 1
plus 7 pro the reason why I switched to
this one in particular was the screen
the 90 Hertz screen is just super smooth
the animations look so silky and so nice
but the reason why I even switched over
to this phone to begin with was my wife
broke her iPhone she had like a iPhone 7
or something and she just took my just
straight-up took my iPhone 10 and I went
to the store to buy a 10 R as a
replacement because that's more
reasonably price I just thought that
that would be the phone to try but using
that screen I'm shocked as to how bad
that screen looks when you have access
to phones like this like the 90 Hertz
OLED compared to a 60 Hertz IPS panel
that's just lower res is no comparison
the difference in hardware quality again
when you spent seven hundred bucks on an
Apple iPhone versus seven hundred bucks
on a one plus phone it's just way too
big to ignore right now like this was
just an easy choice for me to switch
over the other thing is that as a tech
reviewer one of the things that makes it
like one of the things that makes a good
review for us is when you're trying to
actively replace a device that you
already own like if you have a laptop
let's say I do a lot of laptop review so
every laptop that comes out that I think
hey maybe that'll be the device that I
replace my current one with that review
is gonna be a great review because I
look at it critically and I look at it
through the eyes of someone who actually
wants to replace an existing device
those reviews tend to be really good and
when it comes to phones I found that
because my primary phone in the past has
always been an iPhone it's difficult to
look at Android phone
in that same type of eagerness right
like a new Android phone comes out it's
cool it's like let's review but then you
think this isn't gonna replace my
primary phone this will replace my
backup Android phone but when your main
phone is an Android phone every phone
that gets launched or every Android
phone that gets launched is a potential
upgrade for your existing device now
it's not all rainbows and unicorns here
there's a lot of stuff that I do miss
from iOS if I'm being honest I miss
iMessage I missed the integration that
iPhones have with each other like with
other family members but over the past
month I've just gotten used to eat
you've got to force yourself to not have
and out right you just force yourself to
use Android get used to it and
eventually you just learn to love it and
there's so many things I disliked about
the iPhones particularly like the number
one thing for me is the Lightning port
it is crazy to me that they're still
milking this port it's slow to transfer
data it's expensive its proprietary the
cables that you use on this thing break
easily like there's so many things that
are bad about this port but it makes
Apple a lot of money now you can't blame
them for this like if you were a company
that could get away with it like if you
were Apple and you were able to pull in
millions of dollars over here using this
port and forcing your users you use this
port you would probably just keep using
it because it's I mean it's really
profitable so and the other thing that
kills me is that the 2019 phone like I'm
totally going off tangent here but the
fact that this year's like the new
upcoming 2019 iPhone is rumored to still
use this port is just bonkers like that
is an aggressively underwhelming phone
like it's a three old design still
running lightning ports like come on
dude I'm someone that likes iOS but not
that much not enough to purchase
something like that in 2019 okay so the
phone I switched over to is the oneplus
7 pro it's a little big of my hands and
doesn't have wireless charging but I
love the design aesthetic and I was sold
the moment I switched over to this icon
pack I forget the name of it I look it
up oh no it was flight the icon pack is
called flight and just the design
aesthetic looks so good when you have a
thin bezel no knotch and a clean minimal
design like this
it's banger now I will say that this
icon pack has a like a brother or sister
to it called lines and it does not look
good it looked good in the Play Store I
bought it installed it but
removing it right away because it just
doesn't look as good on a big screen
phone now speaking of which Android this
is another tangent Android I didn't
realize this before if you buy an app
and then you delete it right away you
automatically get a refund on the Google
Play Store how cool is that okay the
phone is this like yeah laptop I'm using
right now is the blade from 2018 the
razor blade 15 if you've watched my
channel over the years you've probably
noticed that I've transitioned out of
MacBooks back into Windows devices I
started my youtube channel on Mac books
I transitioned a lot of my family and
friends into Mac books but nowadays like
yeah it just doesn't make sense for a
lot of people to be purchasing Mac's
back when I first started using Apple
computers it was like 2008 when they
first introduced the unibody MacBook it
was such an easy device to get into
especially because all the Windows
laptops back then were just trash like
they were just so bad and nowadays in
2019 it's just really not the case
there's a lot of really good Windows
laptop options and I think a vast
majority of them are really good value
for what you're getting especially in
comparison to the MacBook and MacBook
Pro lineup now on the flip side it does
seem that Apple's in kind of like a
transitionary period they are probably
going to be introducing some ARM based
laptops in the relatively near future
and we're also hearing rumors of like
new keyboards like getting rid of the
butterfly switches to more traditional
kind of scissor switches so there's cool
stuff on the horizon with apples harder
but right now because of like there's so
many issues with the current MacBook
Pros and Mac books that yeah this was an
easy easy decision to make so this one's
the 2018 one it's not running
RTX hardware I made a video earlier this
year telling people not to buy r-tx
laptops at launch because they weren't a
particularly good value and we weren't
seeing a lot of games actually making
use of ray-tracing hardware so it just
didn't make sense
back then to purchase it six months
later I still kind of feel that way like
we've seen some pretty good valley with
some r-tx laptops like we've seen some
good options or even $1200 but for the
average user out there if you can find a
10 series device that's just on sale or
a lot cheaper and there are some out
there then yeah these just they're still
really good if I'm still using this
right I find that the games that I play
and
videos that edit there's not much of
difference between ten series devices
from two years ago and the RTX devices
from today so yeah RTX is it's cool it's
just not really necessary
I don't customized my razor blade very
much I keep it very stock in fact I
don't even install razors like synapse
software on these things I just try to
keep it as clean as possible the one
thing I have changed in terms my setup
is the mouse I've been using the mouse I
used to use and I think a lot of people
on YouTube views are the Logitech MX
master 2s and the MX anywhere I believe
this is called these are great mice and
I've used these a lot over the years but
the most I'm using most right now is
actually a gaming mouse I mean it's
designed for gaming but it's awesome for
just everyday mousing it's the Logitech
G pro this is a wireless mouse but
instead of using bluetooth that uses a
dongle which is a disadvantage for some
people but the sensor on this thing is
so good it just makes other Bluetooth
mice just pale in comparison it's such a
it's a very smooth experience if you
have not tried this mouse and you're
looking for a wireless mouse for your
laptop I cannot recommend this thing
enough and the battery life on it is
also pretty solid and the sensor or the
dongle fits into the mouse when you're
done with it okay that basically wraps
up the stuff that I've been using if
there's questions I'll answer them below
last thing the bag that I'm using you've
seen this before it's the apex Lawson
from Herschel a good bag I don't know if
they still make this particular colorway
but it's kind of a minimal simple
backpack that is not super techy which
I'm not a big fan of okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs be loved it
subs we'd love to see you guys next time